[Music]
today i am going to recap the story of
the lucky one 2012 film
logan was serving in u.s marine and was
present in iraq
he sees that one of his mate dies while
helping the other
next day he sees a girl's picture lying
near the person who had died
he asks many people about the picture
but he finds no one who could claim that
then he realizes that this picture
belonged to my same colleague who died
in war
logan belonged to an american city named
colorado
he returns to his sister home who was
ill he stays some days there and decides
to move then
he decides to find out the girl whom
picture he found in warfield
and he will tell her about his
colleague's death he sees a light house
in the picture when he deeply analyzes
it
he reaches there and asks many persons
about girl but finds no clue he also
visits deputy sheriff which is called
the local police
he tells him that this girl was married
to my friend first
then he gives him the address logan goes
to that girl named beth
though he was along her but he was
facing difficulty
logan couldn't tell that why he is here
before he could speak
she assumes that he is here for the job
beth's grandmother hire him for job
in the beginning beth feels awkward and
doesn't like logan
but then she accepts him after his
interest in the work
he knows well how to fix the machinery
logan mixes up with beth's son
they become friends with each other beth
was living alone since his brother's
death
beth had no male friends she became
friends with a male guy after very long
who was logon beth's first husband who
was in police feels suspicious about
logan
he talks with logan in a very bad way in
very rude way
he also advises his son to stay away
from logan and not to play violin near
him
he asks him not to spend much time with
him one day ben was playing outside but
when he returns he was filled with blood
he becomes injured while playing beth
and her former husband had an argument
they argued too much that beth's former
husband says that he would go to the
court
and i will take the full custody of my
son beth becomes much worried after that
she becomes scared of losing her son she
starts living worriedly
after some time beth's brother's death
anniversary arrives
she becomes much worried but logan comes
near her and shows her sympathy and asks
her not to worry
everything would be fine logan and beth
had developed a very positive relation
and they were moving on but her former
husband asks her to stay away from him
you can't do this but beth stands in
front of him and says i'm not afraid of
you
and you are nobody to interfere in my
decisions
beth's former husband investigates about
logan and finds out that he was
having beth's picture and was asking
about her from the people
he was asking people whether they knew
about beth he tells her that logan was
stalking at you
he is not the right person and i will
find out the reality
beth finds out the truth that logan
belonged to a marine and he found my
picture near the man who died
who is her good friend but here beth's
trust breaks up on logan
she becomes angry at him and keeps
herself away from logan
she asks logan to leave beth's friend
explained her that logan
had no fault in this that logan survived
and your brother and friend passed away
they convinced her that logan is a good
person you must think about him
beth beth was worried and angry too
beth's former husband was drunk
he sees logan who was going with his dog
he aims his gun towards him
people across there become afraid and
run away logan takes his gun and hands
it over to other officer
logan comes to the beth again and tells
her that how her brother drake passed
away
she tells her every detail and says that
he was a brave person
beth's former husband meets her and says
i'm ashamed and want to start the
relation again
he explains her that we could be a
husband wife again and can start the
family
beth denies but her former husband again
warns her of taking his son from the
court
logan also comes there their son listen
to them and run towards the treehouse
nearby
they become panic and follow him that
why he ran towards treehouse
there was a bridge nearby tree house way
which breaks up when he was up there
beth's son and her former husband fell
in the river they were saved until
now because former husband had tied
himself and his son very tightly
logan helps them saves her son and hands
it over to beth
after that he was going to save her
former husband that the treehouse breaks
up
and falls upon her former husband who
dies at the spot
her former husband floats with the river
they all come back to home
beth says thanks to logan and says if
you were not present my son may have
lost
logan also tells her that your brother
passed away while saving his mate during
the war
that is an honor so you must be happy
instead of being worried
after that logan goes away then beth
runs towards him
she asks logan that you belong to us so
you must stay with us
it would be difficult for me as well to
live without you
in the next scene we see beth her son
and logan were along with each other
they were celebrating 9th birthday of
beth's son and they were very happy
and here the explanation of the lucky
one ends
thanks for watching like comment
and subscribe don't forget to hit the
bell icon